Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS.
(laughs)
I'm finally going home!
Back to the Cyberse!
Hey everybody!
Your hero's home!
No!
It's all... destroyed.
But Queen I don't
see why you would want
to capture Playmaker
when he saved us all?
If Playmaker has an
Ignis, I want Playmaker.
I'm putting you in charge
of my new bounty
hunter task force.
Hey Kolter.
(Kolter)
Yusaku, Jin was attacked!
He was attacked?
Yeah, and whoever or whatever
that thing is fled
into Link VRAINS!
I'm on it!
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(Kolter)
Look for some guy glowing
yellow,
flowin' like plasma,
like a sun or something.
(Playmaker)
I'm not finding anyone.
But I found you, Playmaker.
I don't know why SOL
Tech wants you so bad,
but then again, I don't care.
They're after me because
they think I have an Ignis.
(Ai laughs)
Ai, why are you here?
There he is!
Firing my Data Storm!
Emergency log out initiated.
(Ai)
Let's go get 'em
Let's Speed Duel!
I activate the Link
Spell, Judgment Arrows.
A Link Spell?
I never heard
of that!
My second Flow Hydradrive
attacks you directly.
I'm back for a sec and I'm
gonna get glitched already?
♪♪♪
Hey, that fella down
there looks familiar.
A bud of yours?
Bud? Hardly.
What gave you that impression?
If that was me down there, I
would've already won the duel.
My second Flow Hydradrive
attacks you directly.
(Playmaker growls)
I now use Linkuriboh!
By tributing it, I can
lower Flow Hydradrive's
attack points to zero
until the end of this turn!
(computer calculating)
(explosion pounds)
But now that Linkuriboh
is no longer here,
Elphase loses 300 attack points.
(computer calculates)
I end my turn.
Whoa, nice work, Linky!
You spherical miracle!
We'll handle it from here,
so you can take a nap, 'kay?
Sweet dreams!
Who is this duelist?
And how does he have
cards from the Cyberse?
Don't ask me.
I didn't give it to him.
There's only one guy that can
fill out your questionnaire.
That gasbag.
Then it's imperative
that we capture him.
Argh! They're getting away!
Fly faster before we lose 'em
I'm already givin' every
ounce that I got Boss!
Then how can ya still talk?
I could just drop you...
What did you say?
Nothing!
(crowd chattering excitedly)
(Man)
This is gonna be great!
(Girl)
It's been so long!
(Man)
It's so cool!
These folks may be
glad to see him back,
but I know that
where Playmaker goes,
trouble's sure to follow.
Playmaker!
♪♪♪
Chomp 'em up!
"Beary" that guy Playmaker!
I'm a tree.
Be careful.
He may still have other
tricks up his sleeve.
If there is a sleeve
in that glow stick.
I'm well aware, Ai.
It's my turn!
I'll start by activating my
spell card One-Time Passcode.
It allows me to summon a
Security Token in defense mode.
And since I summoned it
next to Elphase's link,
Elphase gains 300 attack points.
That'd usually be enough, but
against this thing, I
have another plan in mind.
I'm going to create my
circuit by setting both
my Elphase and my Security
Token in the Link Arrows!
(explosion roars)
I Link Summon.
Link 2 Cyberse Witch!
Since I used Elphase
to Link Summon,
its special ability activates,
allowing me to resurrect
a Cyberse monster
from my graveyard.
Rise up, Defcon Bird!
(computer calculates)
By summoning Defcon Bird
next to my Witch's link,
I've triggered her
special ability.
If I banish a spell
card from my field,
I can draw two new
cards from my deck.
Therefore, I get rid of my
One-Time Passcode to draw!
And there's a second
part to this ability!
I can bring another Cyberse
monster back from my graveyard!
Rejoin the duel, Cyberse Wizard!
(computer calculates)
Yes!
Playmaker's brewing up trouble!
Now to try something new!
I activate... my Ritual
Spell Card, Cynet Ritual!
He has a Ritual Spell?
I must tribute monsters
from my hand or my field whose
total Level
equals or exceeds
the monster I intend to summon,
so I tribute my Level 4 Cyberse
Wizard
and my Level 3 Defcon Bird!
Together, their
Levels add up to 7!
These two souls
offer their essence
to break the barriers of reality
and conjure the ultimate
sorcerer to this realm!
I Ritual Summon...
Cyberse Magician!
(Cyberse Magician growls)
Since when did Playmaker
get that monster?
You had time to beef
up your deck, huh?
Cuz you weren't
around to pester me.
Cyberse Magician,
attack Flow Hydradrive!
And when he battles
a Link Monster,
he gains 1000 attack points!
(magic charges)
(computer calculates)
Oh no!
That's way more than
enough to wipe out
the rest of his life points!
Stop this!
My Link Spell, Judgment
Arrows, activates.
When a Link Monster that's
linked to this card battles,
it's attack points are doubled.
(computer calculates)
Your 2000 is still
less than our 3500,
and I didn't even
need to use an abacus!
I activate the trap
card, Property Spray.
I can tribute one of
my monsters to gain
life points equal to
its attack points.
Since Flow Hydradrive
has 1000 attack points,
I gain 1000 life points.
Your monsters' Attributes
also become the same
as Flow Hydradrive's
until the end of the turn.
So they transform
from Dark into Wind.
Why would he go and
change their Attributes?
And why do
ghosts say boo?
It doesn't matter,
just take 'em down!
Now Magician!
Cyber Magic Attack!
(Cyber Magician groans)
(explosion roars)
(groans)
(computer calculates)
Yeah!
You sure dimmed that
light bulb a few watts!
(Bohman growls)
(Bohman screams)
Um, did we hit him that hard?
I think his mind is
as cracked as his abs.
Who are you?
I, I am...
I don't know!
Who am I?
(Bohman)
You two there, do you know
who I am?
How should we know?
We asked who you were first!
If you don't know who I am,
then why in the world
would you attack me?
(Playmaker)
We didn't attack you!
You attacked us.
(Ai)
And we're not just talkin'
about Kid Kolter.
I bet you're the one who
trashed the Cyberse too!
That's ridiculous!
What reason would I have
for doing such a thing?
You tell us!
Tell you what?
I don't even know
what I'm doing here!
I don't think that
we're getting anywhere.
(Ai)
Yeah, like runnin'
on a treadmill made of ice.
(Bohman growls)
(Bohman)
Why can't I remember?
Bohman!
I know your mind's
in shambles
but... just do what
I say okay?
I'm hearing things.
about your communicator.
Or you just forgot
Who is this?
Harlin, you know,
your little bro?
Look, don't try to remember
everything at once,
just know that
every duel you win,
the more memories
you get back!
That's right.
Yes I remember now.
I must win this duel in
order to regain my memories.
He seems different.
It's all clear now.
Winning this battle against
you is my only objective.
Let me see...
Those two have more than
double my life points,
but this isn't a deficit
that I can't overcome.
Far from it!
(Ai)
Uh uh, you're not bouncin'
this house!
I never said that I was
running away from this duel.
Since you destroyed
my Flow Hydradrive,
it's special ability activates,
summoning a Hydradrive Token
in defense mode.
Next, I activate my trap
Hydradrive Generator.
Since I summoned a
monster when I had
fewer life points than you,
I can summon another
Hydradrive Token.
Seems like he got over
his mental meltdown.
It was like binge watching a
whole season of soap operas.
You think he'll go
crackers again later?
There won't be a later
if I can bring this duel
to an end to as
quickly as possible.
Go Cyberse Witch! Attack!
Destroy his Hydradrive Token!
(Cyberse Witch screams)
With that, I end my
turn, so Cyberse Magician
and Cyberse Witch's Attributes
revert back to dark.
It's my turn.
I draw.
I'm afraid you're
not the only one
who can Link Summon, Playmaker.
The summoning condition
is one Hydradrive monster.
I Link Summon... Link 1
Coolant Hydradrive!
Hmm, that's an upgrade,
just not much of one.
Since I summoned a monster,
my Hydradrive Generator
activates, summoning
another Hydradrive Token.
And I'll use it to
Link Summon... again!
Why have only one
Coolant Hydradrive,
when I can have two!
I follow that up with my
trap card, Property Spray!
By tributing one of my
Coolant Hydradrives,
I not only gain life points
equal to its attack points
but I can also
change your monsters
from Dark to Water Attribute!
And this alteration
gives me the advantage.
Because when there's a Water
Attribute monster on your field,
my Coolant Hydradrive
is permitted to attack
your life points
directly, Playmaker!
Okay, that's a big upgrade!
That's why I did it.
And this next step
will be your end.
When Judgment Arrows is
linked to my Link Monster,
it's attack points
double during battle!
That'll kibosh
our life points!
NG! NG!
Must you always
jump to panic mode?
It's not over yet.
Cyberse Magician's
special ability cuts
the damage I take in half.
(magic charges)
(Playmaker groans)
Covered Hydradrive's
special ability activates!
When you take battle
damage, I'm permitted
to summon it from my hand.
Not only can't Covered
Hydradrive
be destroyed in
battle,
but I also don't take any
battle damage as long as
I have another Hydradrive
on my field, which I do.
In other words, I've
been able to create
an impenetrable barrier
that protects me
from any strategy that you
can possibly come up with.
Is that so?
Then I can only
conclude that you
do not have much
of an imagination.
(Bohman)
We shall see.
I end my turn, so your
monsters revert back
to their original
Dark Attribute.
So I've analyzed
our odds of winning,
and I got good
news and bad news.
Which do you wanna
hear first?
Neither.
(Ai gasps)
What?
Listen
Listen, whether the
odds are good or bad,
we just need to win this.
For Jin... and for Kolter.
Yusaku, I'm countin'
on ya,bud.
It's now my turn!
I send one card in my
hand to the graveyard.
By doing so Covered Hydradrive's
special ability activates,
limiting your offense
by only allowing you
to attack with one
monster this turn.
Only one?
But he's blockin' with two!
You got a card that can
help us break through?
I don't, at least not for now.
Oh, I getcha!
Here we go!
(Ai)
Generate new data material!
♪♪♪
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
A Data Storm!
Since I have less than
a thousand life points,
I can use my Skill
to get a monster
from the Data Storm and
add it to my Extra Deck.
(Playmaker groans)
Storm Access!
(Playmaker gasps)
All right, this is it.
First, by banishing Elphase and
Dotscaper from my graveyard,
I can summon Degrade
Buster from my hand.
(Degrade Buster growls)
Then Dotscaper's special
ability activates.
Whenever this card
is banished
It can summon itself
to my field.
And since Dotscaper
is a Level 1 monster,
I can tribute it to bring
Linkuriboh back
from my graveyard!
(Linkuriboh activates)
I follow that up with my
trap, Break and Reuse!
By destroying one Link
Monster on my field,
I can revive a monster
from my graveyard
with equal or fewer
attack points.
My Linkuriboh has
300 attack points
so I can replace it
with Defcon Bird!
And I'll use it... to
create my circuit!
I set my Degrade Buster and
Defcon Bird in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon Link 2
Recovery Sorcerer!
Recovery Sorcerer's
special ability allows me
to resummon a monster that
was destroyed this turn.
So I return Linkuriboh
to the game!
And you can use
Linky to Link Summon again!
I know, so that's
exactly what I'll do!
I set Linkuriboh and
Recovery Sorcerer
in the Link Arrows
to create my circuit!
(explosions roar)
I now Link Summon
Link 3... Shootingcode Talker!
♪♪♪
No way!
He's got a new Code Talker!
Shootingcode Talker,
activate your special ability!
For every monster
it's linked to,
it gains one additional attack.
Since it's linked
to two monsters,
Shootingcode Talker can
attack three times in total!
What?
Attack number one,
Strike Coolant Hydradrive!
(explosion roars)
When Coolant
Hydradrivee is destroyed,
its special ability summons
a Hydradrive Token
in defense mode.
And since Covered
Hydradrive is still
on my field, I don't
take any damage.
Attack number two,
destroy his Token!
(explosion roars)
(Bohman gasps)
This is bad!
Covered Hydradrive's
shield is now gone!
Number three, attack
his Covered Hydradrive!
♪♪♪
When you're down to
only one monster,
Shootingcode Talker
loses 400 attack points.
But it's still enough to
drop your life points to 0!
That's right Ai.
Shootingcode Talker, finish him!
Shimmering Straight Shot!
(explosion roars)
(Bohman screams)
Bohman!
(Bohman crashes)
What exactly did you
do to Kolter's brother?
(Bohman gasps)
He ain't talkin'
good cop, but I know
how to get him to
spill the beans.
I'll eat the info out of him.
(Ai growls)
(Bohman groans)
(Ai cries out)
(Playmaker) Ai?
(Ai) My tum-tum!
You must've eaten a virus.
Who are you?
Just hang in there Bohman.
(Playmaker) Stop!
Sheesh, doesn't
this wannabe hero know
when to get lost
and give up already?
Bit and Boot, you two are up!
(Playmaker gasps)
(Bit)
We bear witness to the
nomenclature of
cavortion generation.
(Boot)
You mean Playmaker.
Yes that is what
I dictated.
Please try
to keep up, Boot.
Yeah yeah
yeah Bit.
Duel mode initiated.
Fork over that Ignis if
ya know what's good for ya.
No, I do not have the
time for this right now!
(thunder cracks)
(explosion roars)
♪♪♪
I'll hold off
these clowns for ya.
You can go after the
other two guys, Playmaker.
Oh I can, can I?
(Harlin growls)
Get movin' already.
Okay.
Well Flame, you in the
mood to duel these two?
Always, not that
I could say no
since you already volunteered.
Let's bring the heat!
That crimsonian-clad
mortal is also
in possession of an Ignis.
The name is Soulburner.
I'm only tellin' you
my name because, well,
I figured you'd
like to know who's
sending you home in ashes!
♪♪♪